Slightly different variations on the information below are available in the [PDF version](https://resume.russellstadler.com/resume.pdf) or [my LinkedIn page](https://linkedin.com/in/rstadler).

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Summary 
-------
IT / Systems Engineer with deep knowledge of the Atlassian stack and experience managing technical support teams.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Experience
----------

### Airbnb
San Francisco, CA

Senior Jira Developer (Contract), Jan 19 -- Aug 19

Systems Engineer, Aug 19 -- present

*Initially engaged with the Productivity Tools team specifically to help
improve Jira use company-wide. Later shifted focus to automation and
standardization to improve efficiency across tools.*

-   Atlassian administrator operating Jira and Confluence at scale

-   Jira customization using both native tools and plugins/scripts
    e.g.Â Scriptrunner, JEMH, etc.

-   Chef and Terraform for automation of Jira/Confluence upgrades and
    migrations

-   Platform advocacy and training to drive adoption of our tools

-   Automation and process implementation to reduce manual error

-   Developed tools integrated with Jira, LDAP, Mulesoft, Slack, Github,
    etc.

-   Implemented Change Management process using Jira, for multiple teams

-   Migrate teams from manual email-driven processes to automated,
    auditable, Jira workflows

-   Reduced copy/paste code and trained teammates in improving code
    reuse
    
### Easypost
San Francisco, CA

Senior Support Engineer (API), Jul 17 -- Nov 17

Support Lead, Nov 17 -- Dec 17

Support Team Manager, Jan 18 -- Dec 18

*Joined as a Senior Support Engineer and quickly took on additional
responsibility as the company's product offerings expanded, culminating
in being the Manager of the API Support Team.*

-   Hired, Trained, and Led a team of API Support Engineers

-   Identified or recorded product bugs based on customer reports or
    proactive analysis of error patterns

-   Thorough knowledge of API features, novel uses, and shortcomings

-   Improved public-facing documentation to reduce ticket load

-   Created and documented team processes

-   Technical escalation point for junior team members

-   Mentored team members and advocated for their promotions with other
    teams

-   Incident response and communications when systems failed

-   Built reporting dashboards and analysis tools for internal metrics
    review

-   Facilitated cross-team coordination and knowledge sharing to improve
    products and customer experience

### Atlassian
San Francisco, CA

Software Support Engineer (Jira), Apr 16 -- Jun 17

*As part of Atlassian's Customer Support and Success team, I used my
Jira expertise to help system administrators, Jira administrators, and
end-users, solve their problems and get the best possible experience out
of using Atlassian's suite of tools.*

-   Configuration and troubleshooting for Jira tools suite

-   Step by step assistance with installations and migrations

-   Performance tuning of Jira, JVM, and database backend

-   Heap and thread analysis in service of root cause analysis

### Zynga
San Francisco, CA

Senior IT Support Technician, Mar 14 -- Apr 16

*As part of Zynga's IT team I helped troubleshoot myriad computer and
mobile device issues, managed Zynga's library of testing mobile devices,
and partnered closely with IT Engineering, Operations, and Access teams
to support Zynga's global operations.*

-   Device management with combination of tools including JAMF Casper
    Suite, Group Policy controls, and others

-   Training and mentorship for interns through the Year Up program

-   Enroll and update library of mobile devices via Airwatch MDM

-   Set up and break down hardware as part of acquisitions and office
    closure

-   Basic Python scripting to extend Jira reporting for Helpdesk ticket
    analytics

### Mindwalk Studios
Beijing, China

Project Manager, Apr 07 -- Mar 14

Systems Administrator & IT Manager, Jun 11 -- Mar 14

Mindwalk Studios is an elite partner for digital art and animation
production for the games industry. I project managed many 25+ artist
projects to completion both on time and within budget.

As the company scaled up from 30 to 100 artists, I designed and
implemented numerous initiatives to improve tooling, process, and
documentation, in order to enable our continuing expansion as well as
ease some of the growing pains we encountered.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Skills 
------

 - [Atlassian Certified Professional Jira Service Desk
Administrator](https://www.certmetrics.com/atlassian/public/badge.aspx?i=4&t=c&d=2017-06-05&ci=AT00133080)
 - [Atlassian Certified Professional System
Administrator](https://www.certmetrics.com/atlassian/public/badge.aspx?i=5&t=c&d=2017-06-10&ci=AT00133080)
 - [Atlassian Certified Professional Jira
Administrator](https://www.certmetrics.com/atlassian/public/badge.aspx?i=1&t=c&d=2017-05-25&ci=AT00133080)
 - [Atlassian Certified in Jira Project
Administration](https://www.certmetrics.com/atlassian/public/badge.aspx?i=10&t=c&d=2019-11-27&ci=AT00133080)

#### Spoken Languages
 - English *(mother tongue)*
 - Mandarin Chinese *(limited working
proficiency)*

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Education
---------
University of Chicago, Chicago, IL

BA in Mathematics & BA in Economics, 2002 -- 2006
